README.md, before:

# Factorio-Prime-Intergalactic-Delivery
A shopping point and GUI for buying various personal, infrastructure and mod items, plus some team upgrades with Factorio coins. Designed for streamers primarily.

![Mod's GUI](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/CheeryBothFreshwatereel-size_restricted.gif)

Details
-----------

- Provides a shopping point with GUI to select items & upgrades to purchase via a basket system.
- Item categories include personal equipment and early construciton robot items.
- Includes some team upgrades like movement speed, mining speed and inventory size.
- Item types, prices and bonus effects and delivery process are all configurable via mod settings.
- Option to disable the items from being hand crafted.
- Payment must be in the payment chest to add some
- Coins added as a requestable item to player and logistic filters.
- Factorio coins need to be aquired through other mods and can then be spent with this mod.
- Designed for use with Item Delivery Pod mod to make item delivery a bit more explosive. However, will work in a simplier mod without this, delivering to an output chest.
- Shopping GUI Interactons:
    - Left click on an item in the item list or a button to do its action once.
    - Righ click on an item in the item list or a button to do the action 5 times. Only applies to quantities being added/removed from the basket.
    - When clicking on an item in the item list hold Shift to add it straight to the shopping basket. Applies to both mouse buttons (1 or 5 items).


Other Mod Integrations
--------------------

- Item Deliver Pod:
    - Uses the mod to deliver purchased items to near the shop if mod option enabled for this.
- Muppet Streamer:
    - Will add an item for recruiting a team member if this Prime's mod setting has a cost set.
    - If Prime has an item in the shop the research for Recruiting a Team Member will need to be disabled by setting the researches cost to 0 in the Muppet Streamer mod. Otherwise a warning will be shown and the shop item won't do anything. Basically you can't increase the team member count by both the shop and research in the same game.
    - Mod options to set the items starting cost and level cost multiplier.
- Biter Extermination:
    - Will add an item for buying a Biter Extermination gas capsule. Advised to set the technologies cost to 0 to disable its research option, but won't cause any issues if not.

Random Notes
-------------

- Only supports the default navius surface and the default "player" force at present.
- Only offers vanilla items and a few selected mod's items. Is an expandable system within the mod however.


Testing Notes
-------------
Add a lot of coins to the input chest:
` /c __prime_intergalactic_delivery__ global.facility.paymentChest.insert{name="coin", count=100000} `

Commit message:

add atomic-bomb to item list as only type of weapon currently

README.md, after:

# Factorio-Prime-Intergalactic-Delivery
A shopping point and GUI for buying various personal, infrastructure and mod items, plus some team upgrades with Factorio coins. Designed for streamers primarily.

![Mod's GUI](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/CheeryBothFreshwatereel-size_restricted.gif)

Details
-----------

- Provides a shopping point with GUI to select items & upgrades to purchase via a basket system.
- Item categories include personal equipment and early construciton robot items.
- Includes some team upgrades like movement speed, mining speed and inventory size.
- Item types, prices and bonus effects and delivery process are all configurable via mod settings.
- Option to disable the items from being hand crafted.
- Payment must be in the payment chest to add some
- Coins added as a requestable item to player and logistic filters.
- Factorio coins need to be aquired through other mods and can then be spent with this mod.
- Designed for use with Item Delivery Pod mod to make item delivery a bit more explosive. However, will work in a simplier mod without this, delivering to an output chest.
- Shopping GUI Interactons:
    - Left click on an item in the product catalogue or a button to do its action once.
    - Righ click on an item in the product catalogue or a button to do the action 5 times. Only applies to quantities being added/removed from the basket.
    - When clicking on an item in the product catalogue hold Shift to add it straight to the shopping basket, rather than just to show its details.


Other Mod Integrations
--------------------

- Item Deliver Pod:
    - Uses the mod to deliver purchased items to near the shop if mod option enabled for this.
- Muppet Streamer:
    - Will add an item for recruiting a team member if this Prime's mod setting has a cost set.
    - If Prime has an item in the shop the research for Recruiting a Team Member will need to be disabled by setting the researches cost to 0 in the Muppet Streamer mod. Otherwise a warning will be shown and the shop item won't do anything. Basically you can't increase the team member count by both the shop and research in the same game.
    - Mod options to set the items starting cost and level cost multiplier.
- Biter Extermination:
    - Will add an item for buying a Biter Extermination gas capsule. Advised to set the technologies cost to 0 to disable its research option, but won't cause any issues if not.

Random Notes
-------------

- Only supports the default navius surface and the default "player" force at present.
- Only offers vanilla items and a few selected mod's items. Is an expandable system within the mod however.


Testing Notes
-------------
Add a lot of coins to the input chest:
` /c __prime_intergalactic_delivery__ global.facility.paymentChest.insert{name="coin", count=100000} `
